hello everybody and welcome to mount
motor today I'm going to show you how to
actually speed up your scooter without
adding any high-performance parts now
the trick is look closely at that bolt
holding the wire to the throttle alright
it is tightly secured against this right
here on the carburetor now what will
happen if we loosen it up alright first
I'm going to show you I'm going to show
you how far the throttle goes with it
attached all the way closely to the
carburetor notice how far the throttle
goes alright
it doesn't even touch this right here
doesn't even touch it now I'm going to
loosen this up alright can loosen this
up a little bit and tighten it with this
other bolt right here alright make sure
that it's nice and secure now notice how
far the throttle goes it goes a lot
farther which include increases speed
and it increases acceleration now I'm
going to show you what's happening
inside all right so I took off the air
filter here I'm going to tighten it back
to its normal position the throttle here
so I can show you what's going on
okay so right now I've tightened it back
all the way and now let's see what's
going on in the carburetor in the
throttle notice how the throttle does
not go all the way through as you can
see that the air is a little bit blocked
by the throttle now let's loosen this up
right now and see what the difference is
alright so now I've loosened it up as
you can see now let's look at the
throttle all the way through we have a
clear passage of air which means that
the piston will work harder for you to
be happy and that is the trick to get
your scooter to get faster acceleration
and faster speed it actually increases
the speed by maybe 2 to 3 miles per hour
it makes a humongous difference now I'm
going to turn on the engine and show you
the sound and show you the difference
between the sound I put the throttle
cable back nice and tight onto the
carburetor alright as you can see I'm
gonna start the engine up alright the
engine is started now I'm gonna rev it
up
alright now I'm going to loosen up the
cable and then I'm gonna start her up
again so you guys hear the difference
alright so loosen up the throttle let's
prep the engine
alright let's rev it
if you have noticed that little tweak of
the throttle cable made the engine sound
more high-pitched resulting in better
acceleration and in better performance
try it out see for yourself you will
notice that it has a great significant
difference in speed and acceleration
you'll be surprised thank you for
watching this video I hope
learn something for more info on gas
scooters and gas scooter products please
visit